**KZZL-FM - Bull Country** 

Political_Oct_Nov2018_KZZL (Contract Number: 539045) 

**Kathie LaFortune** Kathie  LaFortune () PO BOX 66 VIOLA, ID  83872 

208.301.0690 

Fax: 

**Net** 

Inland Northwest Broadcasting Mary McCollum (mmccollum@inlandradio.com) 1114 N Almon Street PO Box 8849 Moscow, ID  83843 208.882.2551 Fax: 208.883.3571 

## **Cash** 

**==> picture [532 x 188] intentionally omitted <==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
||||||||||||||||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Description|St-End|R/S|DayPart|Len|M|T|W|T|F|S|S|Rate|Ads|Total|
|Morning, M-F,|11/5/2018 -|1/0|Morning Drive /|30|5|5|0|0|0|0|0|$7.65|10|$76.50|
|6a-10am, 30|11/11/2018|6:00:00 - 10:00:00|
|Morning, M-F,|10/22/2018 -|1/0|Morning Drive /|30|3|4|3|4|3|3|2|$7.65|44|$336.60|
|ee|6a-10am, 30|11/4/2018|6:00:00 - 10:00:00|
|Midday, M-F,|10/22/2018 -|1/0|Midday / 10:00:00 -|30|3|4|3|4|3|3|3|$7.65|46|$351.90|
|10a-3pm, 30|11/4/2018|15:00:00|
|Midday, M-F,|11/5/2018 -|1/0|Midday / 10:00:00 -|30|5|5|0|0|0|0|0|$7.65|10|$76.50|
|10a-3pm, 30|11/11/2018|15:00:00|
|Afternoon, M-F,|10/22/2018 -|1/0|Afternoon Drive /|30|3|4|3|4|3|3|2|$7.65|44|$336.60|
|3p-7pm, 30|11/4/2018|15:00:00 - 19:00:00|
|Afternoon, M-F,|11/5/2018 -|1/0|Afternoon Drive /|30|5|5|0|0|0|0|0|$7.65|10|$76.50|
|3p-7p, 30|11/11/2018|15:00:00 - 19:00:00|
|Discount|$3,321.43|Total:|164|$1,254.60|
|ee|ee|eee|

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


## **Calendar Billing** 

**==> picture [531 x 104] intentionally omitted <==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
|||||||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Period|Qty|Amount|Period|Qty|Amount|
|10/22/2018-10/31/2018|97|$742.05|11/1/2018-11/11/2018|67|$512.55|
|a|
|there is not a specific order with this order. I just worked with the Political client on their needs|
|(sign)|(sign)|(date)|
|Kathie LaFortune|(print)|Inland Northwest Broadcasting|(print)|

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


Guarantee: For value received, the undersigned, jointly and severally, unconditionally guarantees the full, prompt and complete payment and performance by advertiser of all obligations under the foregoing Agreement, and also agrees to pay all amounts owed under this Agreement 30 days from the start date of any invoice mailed by STATIONS. If payment is not made within this period or if the advertiser fails to comply with, any other terms of this Agreement or the terms per the Station Credit Application, the Advertiser is in default under this Agreement and is responsible for all amounts due and owing STATIONS, in addition to all collection costs, including but not limited to collection agency fees, court cost, interest and attorney's fees.  This Agreement is enforceable by STATIONS without having to resort to any remedies or measures other than those required by law. The Stations are not waiving any rights it may have to enforce this Agreement or its obligations. 

Payment for radio advertising purchased from STATIONS and funded by cooperative or vendor sources is the sole responsibility of the undersigned advertiser. All checks returned for nonpayment are subject to a $25 fee to be paid by the party whose check was returned. Any changes to this Agreement must be presented in writing to STATIONS at least two (2) weeks before the proposed change. The advertiser is responsible for all sums owing as a result of any change.  Proposed changes are subject to the approval of STATIONS. Agreements are non-cancelable.  In the event an advertiser cancels an Agreement, Advertiser will be responsible for the difference between rate card and the negotiated contract spot rate for any advertising that has previously aired within the dates of said contract. 

KRPL Inc., Ida Vend Broadcasting and Inland NW Broadcasting do not discriminate in any contract on the basis of race, religion or sex. 

FCC Nondiscrimination Policy.  Neither this agreement nor any party to this agreement discriminates in the sale of advertising time on the basis of race or ethnicity.  Any provision in any agreement entered into with an advertiser whose intent is to discriminate in such a manner shall be null and void.  In compliance with FCC rules, broadcaster includes this nondiscrimination provision in all written advertising contracts. 

Page: 1 of 1 

10/5/2018 11:23:31 AM 

