Page 1 of 2 Printed: 01/22/2020 09:08:03 

**Order Confirmation** 

Mike Bloomberg for President c/o KATZ MEDIA GROUP 125 West 55th Street New York, NY 10019 

Advertiser No: 1222135 Order No: 1321555761 Start Date: 01/22/2020 Co-op: No End Date: 01/24/2020 Package: No Month Type: Broadcast Agency Comm.: 15% Revision #: 0 CPE: na - na - 0111 AE: NEW YORK, MMS Entered: 01/21/2020 01:40 PM by Fusion Last Update: 01/21/2020 04:47 PM by ccrroa1m Note: WROV-FM 33636991/ 0111 Mike Bloomberg POLITICAL Note 2: PAID Spl Req Inv: PAID: Cash In Advance 

||**Market**||**Start**|**End**|**No Of**|**Rate**|**Skip**||||||||||**Spots/**|**Spot**|**Ord**|**Ord**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Station**|**Bind To**|**Date**|**Date**|**Weeks**|**Rev. Type**|**W.**|**M**|**T**|**W**|**T**||**F**||**S**|**S**|**W.**|**Length**|**Spots**|**Cost**|
|1|ROANOKE|10:00-15:00|01/22/20|01/24/20|1|85.00|0|||x||x||x|||5|60|5|425.00|
||WROV-FM|Commercial||||National|||||||||||||||
|||||||Agency-Political|||||||||||||||
|2|ROANOKE|15:00-19:00|01/22/20|01/24/20|1|113.00|0|||x||x||x|||8|60|8|904.00|
||WROV-FM|Commercial||||National|||||||||||||||
|||||||Agency-Political|||||||||||||||
|3|ROANOKE|06:00-10:00|01/22/20|01/24/20|1|107.00|0|||x||x||x|||8|60|8|856.00|
||WROV-FM|Commercial||||National|||||||||||||||
|||||||Agency-Political|||||||||||||||
|4|ROANOKE|19:00-22:00|01/22/20|01/24/20|1|15.00|0|||x||x||x|||3|60|3|45.00|
||WROV-FM|Commercial||||National|||||||||||||||
|||||||Agency-Political|||||||||||||||



No. of Spots/Misc/Digital: 

> 24/0/0 Ordered Gross: $2,230.00 Agency Commission: $334.50 Ordered Net: $1,895.50 **Total Net Due:** $1,895.50 

||**Jan**|**Feb**|**Mar**|**Apr**|**May**|**Jun**|**Jul**|**Aug**|**Sep**|**Oct**|**Nov**|**Dec**|**Jan**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Amt. Ord.:**|24|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|
|**Gross:**|2,230.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|
|**Net:**|1,895.50|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|0.00|



## **Participating Customers** 

Mike Bloomberg for President 

100% 

Page 2 of 2 Printed: 01/22/2020 09:08:03 Order No: 1321555761 

## **Order Confirmation** 

## ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

The Term “Advertiser” shall include advertiser and any agency or buying service named in Order Confirmation, and all persons and entities included within Advertiser agree to the purchase of this advertising schedule and that they are jointly and severally liable for all obligations of Advertiser under this contract regardless of who is billed, except any agency is liable for invoice payments only to the extent the agency has been paid by the advertiser. The term “Station” means the specific station set out in the Order Confirmation, or, if not identified there, iHeartMedia + Entertainment, Inc. 

lowed by 

applicable law, from the date of the invoice. If Advertiser notices any error on an invoice, Advertiser must contact Station in writing within 7 days of the invoice date, stating the invoice number, amount and description of alleged error, and including any supporting documentation as may be required by Station. All invoice charges will be considered valid if no written dispute from the Client is received by Station within the 7 day period. 

ontract, 

Advertiser shall pay Station for transmissions made through the date of termination and shall have the benefit of any discounts it would have received had this contract not been so terminated. 

of termination and 

(ii) all payments due by Advertiser shall become immediately due and payable. 

xpenses incident 

to the acquisition of Third Party Material. After such payment, Station shall credit Advertiser for any net amounts obtained if Station is able to resell such Third Party Material, but Station shall not be obligated to make or solicit any sale. 

ns and 

warranties shall not apply to any material furnished or added to the Advertiser Materials after delivery to Station by any party other than Advertiser, and (ii) Advertiser (and the Advertiser Materials) shall comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those of the FCC (e.g., indecency, EAS compliance and all other FCC regulations). 

mation, 

unlawful competition or trade practice, infringement of intellectual property or other property or personal rights (including but not limited to public performance rights with respect to music, spoken word or any other copyrightable material embodied in Advertiser Materials); (ii) any breach or violation of any sort of Section 5.5 or the representations and warranties described in Section 3.1; or (iii) claims arising from the products, services, operations, data, representations or warranties relating to, directly or indirectly, any material furnished by or on behalf of Advertiser in connection with this contract (“Advertiser Material”), or Advertiser’s business, services, operations or prizes (if any).  Station shall defend, hold harmless and indemnify Advertiser and its officers, directors, employees and agents from damages relating to, directly or indirectly, programming transmitted by Station other than Advertiser Material. 

and Station shall not be liable to Advertiser except as provided in Section 4.3 below. 

ll be canceled, d transmission. and l reasonably 

attempt to so notify Advertiser. 

Section 5.2 shall 

apply. All program material must conform to the program and operating policies of Station and Station shall have the continuing right to edit in the public interest provided, however, that Station approval of such material shall not affect Advertiser’s indemnity obligation under this contract. 

regoing license 

expires, and Advertiser must destroy, Station Data thirty (30) days after the date of the applicable transmissions. Advertiser may not, without Station’s prior written consent, (i) disclose Station Data to any third party, (ii) combine Station Data with any other data, or (iii) use Station Data for any other purpose, including, without limitation, to create an attribution model. 

regard to race or 

ethnicity. 

the rules of the 

Federal Communications Commission and the Federal Trade Commission. Station will perform the transmission covered by this contract on the days and approximate hourly times (current at Station) provided in this contract. Station may make reproductions of program material furnished by Advertiser to effect the transmissions. 

