Contract Agreement Between: 

Print Date 07/07/22 Page 1 of 1 

## **CONTRACT** 

Contract / Revision Alt Order # 153116 / Advertiser Original Date / Revision **Paola Tulliani Zen for Gov** 07/07/22 / 07/07/22 Contract Dates Estimate # **07/18/22 - 07/22/22** ~~——~~ Product **071822 072222** ~~=~~ Billing Cycle Billing Calendar Cash/Trade EOM/EOC Broadcast Cash ~~ad~~ Property Account Executive Sales Office **KTAR-FM** House National Katz Dallas ~~ot a~~ Special Handling Demographic Households ~~a T~~ r ~~——o~~ Agy Code Advertiser Code Product 1/2 ~~——~~ Agency Ref Advertiser Ref 

**Bonneville 7740 North 16th Street Suite 200 Phoenix, AZ  85020 Tax ID: 87-0266746 801-575-5674** 

And: 

**Paola Tulliani Zen for Gov 8449 East Dixileta Drive Scottsdale, AZ  85266-2213** 

|Ch<br>*Line<br>Start Date End Date Description<br>Start/End<br>Time<br>Days<br>Week<br>Rate<br>Type<br>Length<br>Spots/|Spots<br>Amount|
|---|---|
|1<br>07/18/22<br>07/22/22<br>M-F AM Drive<br>6a-10a<br>:30<br>NM<br>N<br>KTARF<br>StartDate<br>EndDate<br>Weekdays<br>Spots/Week<br>Rate<br>07/18/22<br>07/24/22<br>33333--<br>15<br>$130.00<br>Week:|15<br>$1,950.00<br>20<br>$2,400.00<br>15<br>$1,800.00|
|2<br>07/18/22<br>07/22/22<br>M-F Midday<br>10a-3p<br>:30<br>NM<br>N<br>KTARF<br>StartDate<br>EndDate<br>Weekdays<br>Spots/Week<br>Rate<br>07/18/22<br>07/24/22<br>44444--<br>20<br>$120.00<br>Week:||
|3<br>07/18/22<br>07/22/22<br>M-F PM Drive<br>3:00 PM-6:00 PM<br>:30<br>NM<br>N<br>KTARF<br>StartDate<br>EndDate<br>Weekdays<br>Spots/Week<br>Rate<br>07/18/22<br>07/24/22<br>33333--<br>15<br>$120.00<br>Week:||
|||



Totals 

|Time Period|Time Period|Time Period|# of Spots|Gross Amount|Net Amount|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|06/27/22|-|07/22/22|50|$6,150.00|$6,150.00|
|Totals|||50|$6,150.00|$6,150.00|



## **Signature:** 

**Date:** 

(* Line Transactions:  N = New, E = Edited, D = Deleted) 

Notwithstanding to whom bills are rendered, advertiser, agency and service, jointly and severally, shall remain obligated to pay to station the amount of any bills rendered by station within the time specified and until payment in full is received by station.  Payment by advertiser to agency or to service or payment by agency to service, shall not constitute payment to station.  Station will not be bound by conditions. printed or otherwise contracts, insertion orders, copy instructions or any correspondence when such conflict with the above terms and conditions.  Two week advance cancellation notice is required unless otherwise specified. 

FCC Nondiscrimination Notice: Bonneville and its stations do not discriminate in advertising arrangements on the basis of race or ethnicity. Any arrangement entered into with an advertiser whose intent is to discriminate in such manner shall be null and void. In compliance with FCC rules, broadcaster includes this nondiscrimination provision in all advertiser arrangements. 

powered by WideOrbit 

